Cleanup rails 7 initialiser (#344)
ministryofjustice/fb-metadata-presenter: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
### Fixed

> ## [3.2.1] - 2023-08-03
> ### Added
> - Updated test app default config to 7.0, deleted seetings initialiser. Just part of cleanup after upgrading everything to rails 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [3.2.2] - 2023-08-03
### Added
- Updated test app default config to 7.0, deleted settings initialiser. Just part of cleanup after upgrading everything to rails 7.
```
